elife edits after review (#21)
greenelab/nature_news_manuscript: content/04.results.md

The total number of authors with a gender prediction was 10,601 first authors and 10,572 last authors across a total of 11,161 publications.
As denoted by the red line, we found that the predicted genders of authors and source quotes were far from gender parity (Figure {@fig:fig2}c).
We found this result consistent for articles written by either a predicted man or woman journalist (Figure {@fig:suppfig_j_gender}a,b).
Additionally, we observed a difference in the predicted genders between first and last authors, with the last authors more frequently predicted to be a man.
In our supplemental analyses, we provide an additional comparator, a selection of articles from English language journals published by _Springer Nature_ (Figure {@fig:suppfig2}a).
The predicted gender gap between first and last authors was larger in our selection of _Springer Nature_ papers; however, both first and last authors were predicted to be closer to parity than for _Nature_ authors.
Overall, predicted men were more frequently quoted than predicted women in _Nature_ news articles and first and last authors in _Nature_ and _Springer Nature_ papers over the same time period.

> #### Career Feature Articles reach Gender Parity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Career Feature Articles Reach Gender Parity
```
I think this is correct for title case

To identify possible disparities with respect to name origin, we again used the extracted names of quoted speakers from _Nature_ news articles and last authors of published papers in _Nature_.
In addition, we also identified the last authors of all papers cited by a _Nature_ news article. 
All processed names were then input into Wiki2019-LSTM and assigned one of ten possible name origins ([Methods]).

> In our analysis, we use name origin as an estimate for the perceived ethnicity of a primary source by a journalist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our analysis, we use name origin to estimate the perceived ethnicity of a primary source by a journalist or fellow scientists who might recommend the individual as a source.
```
